[TreeView] Add `expansionTrigger` prop (#13533)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/rich-tree-view/expansion/expansion.md

{{"demo": "TrackItemExpansionToggle.js"}}

## Limit expansion to icon container

> The demo below shows how to trigger the expansion interaction just by clicking on the icon container instead of the whole Tree Item content.

Reviewer: Having the name of the prop is always nice

```suggestion
You can use the `expansionTrigger` prop to decide if the expansion interaction should be triggered by clicking on the icon container instead of the whole Tree Item content.
```

Or if we want to also show the value:

```suggestion
You can set the `expansionTrigger` prop to `"iconContainer"` to set the expansion interaction on the icon container instead of the whole Tree Item content.
```

Same for `SimpleTreeView` once we agree on a phrasing

> {{"demo": "IconExpansionTreeView.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

Reviewer: I think we have a nice preview to show here:

```suggestion
{{"demo": "IconExpansionTreeView.js"}}
```
